Adding  docs for the `k6/experimental/websockets` module (#933)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/07 k6-experimental/03 websockets/10 WebSocket/30-WebSocket-onpong.md

---
title: 'WebSocket.onpong(callback)'
excerpt: 'Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection pong event.'
---

> Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection `pong` event. That way you can set up the only handler for the `pong` event. If you want to have simultaneously multiple event handlers, please use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up a callback function for WebSocket connection `pong` event.
This way, you can set up the only handler for the `pong` event.
For multiple, simultaneous event handlers, use [`WebSocket.addEventHandler()`](/javascript-api/k6-experimental/websockets/websocket/websocket-addeventlistener).
```
